This is a head-gum original.
You guys like that sort of DJ mix that I just did?
I did.
Yeah.
Sort of a fort of farce.
Nice.
What was that of me?
You're sort of a tour to farce.
Ready?
Ready.
Yes.
How is it being in the,
Yeah.
The big apple.
You know, or thrive in and survive in over here.
One is the bare minimum.
The other one is the actual maximum.
So which one are you leaning on?
It's up and down even within an hour.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
Anything could change.
I feel like everyone here is low energy jab except for me and on you.
So let's.
Oh my god. Thank you.
Get some of the energy up.
I don't know if I'm here.
Did you already record buckets?
Uh, yeah.
Did I say that?
Uh, Billy tweeted about it.
So my fear is that you used up all your capital,
social capital, entertainment capital,
of the world, uh, on that show.
And didn't say enough for this one.
So the session.
If you're going to show up with this
Natitude, which is a lack of attitude.
Positive or negative.
Even negative, sorry, just one second.
Even a negative outlook showing up with some energy would be good.
Natitude is lack of attitude.
Notitude light.
Yeah.
Amir's been out of town.
It's like kind of a big deal that he said yes to this at all.
Thank you.
That's a really good get.
What's that?
This is a really big get for you.
You're on the show all the time.
Yes, from you.
Thank you very good.
Yeah.
A big get is when you take the steps.
I enjoyed that you booked yourself.
What?
I just didn't want to email anyone else last week.
I get that.
Um,
hot outside.
Todd inside.
59 degrees.
It's cool.
It's not hot at all.
It's hot inside, I meant to say.
Because I'm under a bunch of covers.
Yeah.
And I'm wearing socks on sweats.
I think I love it.
On your, are you in, is it safe to say?
I've actually moved.
Mount Washington is so small that you would be doxing me fully.
If I was still living there.
Somebody could go on Google Earth and match.
You know, the 3D Earth view to those windows.
Right.
Yeah, there's some.
Yeah.
Some hacker would, would like look at this.
The way that the light comes in here and figure out where I am.
Yeah.
And my question is.
Um.
What's that?
If you don't mind.
Oh, if you have anything else to do.
We can do this later.
Yeah.
I don't know if I'm just available, but I'm around.
Oh.
Sorry.
Sorry, Jeff.
We formed an alliance at the top of the show.
And I can just be treated.
Um, I live in.
Wow.
That's a cool area.
Um, pretty nice.
That's a fun Eastern move.
Dude.
What was that?
I don't.
I don't know.
I don't know what energy is coming at me right now.
Maria looks tired, which is valid.
Amir looks tired.
Not as valid.
Um, I don't look right now.
And energy is coming.
Tired towards me right now.
Yeah.
Horns you.
I'm mustering.
Yeah.
All the courage I have for this.
It's hard.
How are you?
Yeah.
How are you feeling?
Uh.
Fine.
I'm feeling fine.
I'm feeling bad.
I'm having a bad day.
Is that what you want to hear?
I'm having a scattered day.
I'm currently running this off a Wi-Fi hot spot for my phone.
Yeah.
Can you actually?
It's lagging.
Yeah.
Which I think is also leading and contributing to the lagging conversation.
So.
The Wi-Fi cut out.
Eight minutes before this started.
So I couldn't make a company move the elsewhere across town to a different place that
I have Wi-Fi available.
Because you've never less minute rescheduled this.
Sorry.
I'm doing this again.
I'm sorry.
This is Andrea Savage.
Um.
I think we can pull through though.
I think it'll be.
In terms of the lag or.
The lag, the energy, the vibes, your scattered day.
Yeah.
Let's turn it over.
I guess Jeff was the fourth of July.
Scatter day in the park.
Yeah.
I guess Jeff was the.
Are you guys hearing the computer audio?
The whole time you haven't heard it.
No, we have.
No, you said it.
So loud.
What?
You were talking while it was playing.
Yeah.
Uh.
Capybara.
Are you guys seeing this on TikTok?
They're like, Capybara.
Capy that one.
Oh.
Don't know who that is.
I don't.
Okay.
Oh.
So I don't think I'm seeing what you're seeing.
But I've been reporting to.
The video team at head gum that I'm experiencing a phenomenon of every time I open.
YouTube.
I'm logged into the head gum channel.
Uh, I get a video about Capybara's to the same song.
Yes.
That's like a famous song or something.
But they're all like eight months old.
So I don't know why.
And they have millions of views.
I don't know why I'm getting them now.
It's a TikTok thing currently.
I think.
But there's this song.
It's like Capybara or something.
And so this would be Capybandra.
Mm.
I don't think that's the same song.
No one that I'm getting is okay.
I pull up.
Capybara.
Amir's silent.
This is nothing.
Listen.
He's reading an article about John Moran flashing a gun.
That's probably what's happening.
He had a blikky in the club.
It was absolutely not a lighter.
Oh my god.
Who are you guys is bonds of the week?
Actually, my name is John Moran.
Really, bond Moran.
Very good.
Is it because he already knows how to handle a gun?
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
Um, my thing is he didn't, he definitely didn't hold it.
The way James would.
He held it like, like, your roommates,
girl friends, underwear that you're trying to, like,
kind of with respect, take out of the dryer.
Beth, respect.
Beth.
Beth?
With respect.
Two.
Yeah.
Okay.
Do you take as you with that?
Yeah, I just didn't know what.
I didn't know what.
Take your girlfriends underwear out of the dryer with respect.
Girlfriend.
I think that make a little bit more sense now.
Barely.
But sure.
I think you can say the same of, like, taking a strangers,
laundry out of the dryer at the laundromat.
No, because I feel like when you take a string,
it's like, you still take the whole pile.
You know what I mean?
Hmm.
This would be one by one with tweezers.
Just the, you're like, picking out the underwear from.
The laundromat.
Let me just want that.
With tweezers.
And with respect.
Yeah.
Marie, who's your bond of the week?
Um.
Oh, boy.
What's going on this week?
I don't know.
What do you got?
Let's skip this one.
No.
Marie.
We'll come back to her.
She's not ready.
Yeah.
We can come back to me.
I'm going to the week.
Speaking of doxing me is, um, my landlord.
Maybe I should have said his name.
Grace.
I'll believe all of that.
But I, um, he needs to really replace a couple things in our house.
So I sent him a list of what I needed replaced on Sunday at 930 p.m.
Yeah.
And he texted back immediately.
He said, great.
I'm getting up crazy early to get some surgery.
Going to be out of it for a couple days.
We send this again on Wednesday.
And I'll do it on Thursday.
And I said, sorry.
I said, absolutely no problem.
I've never had a landlord.
Treat me with such respect, actually, to you.
Yeah.
It was, it was the credit.
I didn't know what to, I was like, don't even worry about it.
Like, I can, just to even text back and say,
I'm getting up crazy early to get some surgery.
Like, I'm waking up early to get some surgery.
As if you're going to a farmer's market to get a specific glove.
It was the credit.
It was like, well, good crazy.
Good.
You're a dog, man.
A few months ago, I, we had some silverfish.
And I texted him like, I tried to, I tried to text.
I tried to text my, the landlord, like, is infrequently as possible.
So I sent, like, I was like, I'm going to get a pest control in.
Is that okay?
I'm going to take it out of rent and he wrote back immediately.
No problem.
Thanks.
What, what is silverfish?
Yeah.
And how, how did you feel about that?
It's just the craziest dynamic of, like, the nicest thing a landlord has ever done.
Generally, they're bad people.
Of course.
Pair, pair, pair, whatever.
But did they?
The, the nice thing being still kind of the bare minimum, though, right?
It's the absolute bare minimum, but it is the nicest thing a landlord has ever done,
which is saying, no problem. You've got it.
But then, for him to not know what silverfish was.
Yeah.
As a landlord of many, many years was crazy.
For him to say, yes, without knowing what it was.
What if, I mean, what if it was fish, like, a mirror's implying?
Sure.
You're taking sugar fish out of your right.
Yeah.
I hope that's cool.
Anyway, I guess, believe all of that.
Sorry.
But that is what he's my, he's my bond of the week for doing landlord work from the hospital bed.
I love that.
Yeah. That's, that's good.
My bond of the week is going to be,
Um,
Gillowsary, because I just scrolled past a tweet where he said,
Brubba, go do.
I thought that was funny.
I thought you were going to say, my bond of the week is Gillowsary,
because wine, not.
Why do you do that?
Oh, yeah.
His old snap.
I also, yeah.
I also think it would be good to have a bond that was like,
slightly big on snapchat five years ago.
I say that with the most amount of respect for Gillowsary snapchat,
um, big, look up late night kiwi shave.
Makes me laugh every single time I watch.
Right.
Night kiwi shave.
It's so good.
Play it truly like play right now.
Marika, I have a question for you in the meantime as our marketing director.
Yeah.
Is snapchat part of our strategy?
No.
People aren't on that anymore.
I think they are.
I gave up a long time ago.
And had gum no longer.
Yeah.
I mean, and there we have one.
Yeah, we did.
We used to, um,
maybe at like our second, uh,
had gum live in Austin.
We had some snapchat filters.
That's right.
Maybe we bring it back.
Maybe.
There's no way.
So popular.
Yeah.
I don't want to.
A solid bill.
A couple built a cabin in the Blue Ridge mountains for $150,000,
without borrowing a cent.
So that's all liquidity.
Like that's they're also just rich.
Yeah.
That's what my take was like,
people put less money down in borrow money.
Meaning they have less money to spend with.
They still get a house.
Why did you buy a, you whatever?
Yeah.
I agree with you.
Yes.
Thank you.
Yeah.
I'm.
I'm sure that I agree with you.
Somebody built a cabin.
Is that the article that we're,
I've never, I've never had to do this on the show.
What do you mean?
Could you shut up?
You said it all the time.
Guys, guess which state drinks the most beer?
Uh, Wisconsin.
I was going to say Wisconsin.
I was going to say Wisconsin too.
Because of the brewers.
It's not.
Don't discount Florida.
Most people party animals.
Colorado.
Not the most people.
First of all.
Yeah.
Most of them.
For a party.
Most party animals.
That's a good question.
Was who drinks the most beer?
And now.
Is it?
We've got to.
We have to consider like most colleges.
Yeah.
It's going to be per capita.
And that's for a chance.
Oh, you can.
The answer is Montana.
Per capita.
So like they have the least amount of people.
But they all drink here.
You're not getting it.
So per capita.
It's about how many gallons per capita per year.
Right.
So the score is 1.66 from Montana.
Followed closely behind.
But actually wait.
Holy shit.
I wasn't correct based on the graph.
It's actually a new Hampshire.
No way.
Because you had a bad day.
You gave you one down.
You saved a side song.
Just kidding around.
Um.
Live for your die.
That's their thing.
That's true.
You don't have to.
And they.
You don't have to wear a helmet on a motorcycle there.
Seems wrong.
Kind of cool.
And they don't have tax on liquor.
That's true.
I don't know if that applies to beer as well.
But city.
And they have the world's largest.
And South.
In Northern Vermont.
We'll pay.
I've worked up to get it ran for you.
There this year.
My question to you is what price would you have to be paid to move to a shitty city?
Wait.
Where are these people getting paid?
What state cities?
Kansas.
It's other.
They're still doing that.
Yes.
To peak or wear else.
South Burlington Vermont.
I would move to South Burlington Vermont if they paid me $100,000.
Yeah.
It's not shitty.
It's nice up there.
Exactly right.
It is cold.
Hmm.
And it's cold.
Shut up.
If they bought me a house.
I'd move kind of anywhere.
This is open.
Open invitation to anyone that wants to buy me a house.
Yeah.
I'd need land.
I don't want cash.
I don't want land.
Marika.
You have to relax about this land owning nonsense.
I need cash.
You can buy land.
No.
Not 10,000.
Yeah.
10,000 is nothing.
Maybe you don't know enough.
Pedro Pascal revealed his Starbucks order and fans are in a frenzy.
The highly caffeinated order has fans wondering is this man okay?
What's the order?
I knew you would ask that.
It's an iced quad espresso in a venti cup with six shots.
That is a lot.
Yeah.
So it's not a lot.
It's not a quad if it's six shots.
Right.
That's 10 shots of espresso in a venti cup.
I'm sending some properties that you can get for.
10,000.
110k.
I was wondering why you were ignoring me and.
This is exciting.
Not really.
This isn't any.
I don't want property.
I need a house.
I don't have money to build the house either.
Yeah.
Well, you don't home depose doing this thing where you can buy like a tiny home for less than 50,000.
So all you need is land.
No.
Right.
Okay.
So you want to.
Right.
I mean, for sure.
But you could also be like the guy that built a house on top of a.
A skip.
I'm going to call it like a garbage bin.
In England.
Are you saying?
There's a guy living out of a garbage can in England.
This is where you get talking to a policeman.
Quick.
There's a man.
He's living out of a garbage can in England.
It's literally.
It's a limerick.
We're incurred.
Yeah.
That's fine.
I think is what they would say.
There once was a man from Bökshire.
Rulimden like our rich can.
First.
Sure.
I was going to say man.
His man was slamming.
Yeah.
You know.
His pockets were slim.
You know it's a landmark at this point.
So bad.
It's real though.
Look it up.
It seems like he's thriving.
Marika is an englophile.
I believe anything.
Any kind of news she has from across the pond.
I believe.
Yeah.
Let's go back to this Pedro Pascal thing for a second.
So.
I, you know, I'm worried about him from that.
I think.
He seems like he's got his shit together.
Yeah.
He's fine.
I did.
I saw a play that he directed in 2012.
Um.
That involved.
The characters digging a hole.
Are you guys not seeing this or hearing this?
We're not hearing it.
We're seeing it in frames.
Yeah.
It's really choppy.
Oh, this is another genie moose.
I'll go back to my story though.
Um.
So Pedro Carlos.
Can you watch the visuals then while you tell your story?
Yeah.
The rest got directed to play over the characters.
We're digging a hole.
Uh, in the ground in dirt, spoiler alert.
They were trying to bury a dead baby.
Um, but I sat front row.
And I got so much dirt on me because they were literally shuffling.
It's crazy.
See an n.
Um.
Genie moose.
This needs to work.
It wasn't all.
It was wise cracked up to be.
That was good.
He had the umpire repeating his calls.
You've heard of balls and strikes.
Well, these are cause with stripes.
Um.
Genie moose.
I'm going to fucking blow my brains out.
Or something like that.
Usually it's like.
How dare you disrespect Genie like that.
I know.
What she does, you could never do.
It felt a little misogynistic at the end.
What?
There's no way why.
I don't know.
I just had like an air.
Didn't have an air.
No air.
It was just making fun of the way she.
It has fractures.
It's.
It has.
Yeah.
Welcome to.
Okay.
The choice.
Yeah, no we see.
Have you guys ever seen the voice?
No.
Yeah.
I mean,
Familiar with the concept.
The choice is like the voice,
but you don't have to sing if you don't want to.
Yeah.
Is that a choice?
Make sense.
Yeah.
For instance.
All right.
So who wants to go first with the choice?
Let's.
Let's pick a song any song.
I'm going to go with Margaritaville by Jimmy Buffett.
And I'm going to call people and you have a choice.
So here we go.
On you.
You're up first.
I don't know the words.
What's that?
You don't know the words.
It's.
No.
Can I supposed to have started already?
Yeah.
Well, it's.
I choose not to.
I choose not to sing.
Is that the game?
That's.
Okay.
So.
So how does it hold up the lyrics?
No.
It's just, do you want to sing or not?
Okay.
So I didn't.
Here we go.
This is going to be a mirror.
I'm going to go with.
The SNL intro song.
Here we go.
There we go.
You're here next to that.
Do you want it?
Don't DM me for me and some production or I can not do it.
I'm here.
It's.
This is so easy.
I think it's Saturday night wide.
Wow.
With Adam Sandler.
That was pretty good.
And.
I said that was pretty good.
You know, then you stop very early on.
I don't really want to even give America the choice.
The chance of the choice, but this is the choice.
Here we go.
The choice.
This is LA woman from America on the choice.
Why?
This is a woman by the door.
Yes.
I don't know.
Good luck to you, my friend.
I don't think I know the song at all.
Yeah, it's just not to say.
Really?
Yeah.
Why would you give us a choice?
I saw this funny tiktok trend of somebody doing blind karaoke.
So you don't know what's on with this.
When you hear the song, it's usually not the song that it's on,
like it still fits, because there's only like nine different songs in the world,
I guess.
But that would have been a better version.
Can we do another round?
No, we can't.
Oh, you want to do another round?
Break a please.
All right.
Let's take it back to on.
Yeah, here we go.
Oh, fuck.
This is going to be...
Well, maybe you don't say the song could be like a surprise.
Just like that.
Okay, I'll try.
I'll try to guess the song.
All right.
And sing it.
Hello.
I don't know when it comes in.
That's part of the joy.
Is it here?
It's not.
It's like, we're minutes away from them singing.
Start for the 90 second intro.
Yeah.
Well, you still have the choice.
Well, I guess we'll wait it out.
Yeah.
It's glitching.
Okay.
I hear it now.
Is it here?
No.
Beautiful flute.
It's pretty beautiful for a karaoke version.
Here you go.
It's right here.
It was there.
There's a lady who's sure.
Right?
All the glitters is gold.
Correct.
I'm humiliated.
I didn't even know.
All the lyrics.
She's buying a stairway to heaven.
How long am I going?
On you made the choice.
To sing.
Here we go.
This is going to be for Marieka.
Um...
Yeah.
Here we go.
If we're going to continue to workshop this idea, it would be cool if the choice was...
You had to do something else instead.
Because otherwise.
Can you see?
Five of the dogs.
Early light.
What's so proudly we hailed?
This song is more about the choice than it is about the voice.
So it's whether you...
You all really have to do like the first two lines.
Because then it demonstrates that you made the choice.
Uh...
Yeah.
Marieka.
I was scared.
That was so cool.
It was so cool.
Let's work.
Um...
Um.
I'm here.
Here we go.
Yeah.
You chose not to sing, that is the choice.
So many times signatures.
That was in the ghetto by Elvis Presley.
That was the lag.
Because it slowed down and then it sped way back up.
Which doesn't know this is happening.
But the listeners at home know and we know.
Yeah.
Cool, deep Elvis cut.
Time for our next and last segment.
Oh, a tree or not.
What are you doing?
I'm just a tree or not.
So we're like, they heard that.
We're all going to take turns rating one sentence poems on the fly slash off the cuff.
Winner takes all.
Unless it's not poetry.
So we basically, so okay, so I'm going to point.
So like, so if you guys pointed to me and said it's my turn, right?
So I would say, um, hungry is the victor that doesn't spoil his own appetite.
And then you would say, is that poetry or is that just sort of nothing?
And then whoever has the most sentences of poetry by the end of this wins.
Does that make sense?
I'm not going to pick it apart.
So let's just get into it.
Let's start with Marieka since she seems really prepared and excited.
So three.
I forgot to say that we're doing this in rounds where we all have one minute on the clock.
So it's how many one sentence poems can you do in a minute?
All right.
And we're going to just say poetry or not as you say your sentence.
And then whoever has the most poetry versus nause wins that round.
Ready, three, two, one, Marieka's on the clock.
Water in a glass on the desk.
No.
Poetry.
I'm here.
Poetry, yeah.
All right.
What should it?
If I write a poem, am I a poet?
Poetry.
I also say poetry.
What is it?
Keep going, Marieka.
You don't have to wait for the last vote.
It's very slow.
Or not to be that may be the question at hand.
I don't know.
But yeah, a lot of the clock.
To be the streaming service.
To be or not to be that is the streaming service.
First of all, that's about a poem.
I punched it up.
You got to.
You only made two poems.
Here we go.
I'm here for four years.
You haven't blinked in a minute.
Three, two, one.
And here's turn.
Here we go.
Activity, action, and chaos.
Three, demons.
You must slay in order to become a better person.
Not poetry.
I'm a great house.
Not poetry, no?
Yeah.
Aphorism, kind of.
We met in Hatfield County.
And by the time we were married, we had already moved four times in my heart and twice in my head.
Poetry.
Yeah.
Poetry?
Daddy used to tell me the story of the teeth, the less stories somebody had to say.
No.
And that is poetry.
Okay.
No, I think that's prose.
Yeah.
Anybody can tighten their belt.
But it takes a real person to fill out their pants.
No.
Not poetry.
That's a saying.
So maybe it's hard to write more than two poems per minute.
Yeah.
Maybe you suck.
And you don't roll poetry if it hit you in the fucking head.
Sorry.
That was my first one.
Did I run out of time?
I brandish a gun like John.
Do any of you know?
We have to.
My heart.
We have to move on.
Next game.
No, I said a poem.
Oh, a poem by heart.
Like do you have one memory?
Sorry.
This is on you.
Three, two, one.
Go.
Oh.
The way Jeff plays these sounds.
The birds outside can hear them.
No.
poem.
Okay.
So that's one.
So many things I wish I could be doing with this hour of my life.
Poem.
No.
So what?
Um.
None of us in this room have read poetry before.
Are we hearing poetry now?
No.
Offensive but poetry.
Real defensive but poetry is a better poem.
Okay.
Offensive but poetry.
Sounds.
All right.
Well, that was my.
Okay.
Well, it's my turn.
Oh.
You played rise from the west.
Yeah.
That was three.
All right.
And here I go.
Sound off.
The days of camp are gone long.
No.
Days of camp are gone long.
Mama never believed in me so I didn't either.
Pros.
Yeah.
Kind of quarter-way dreams.
Sounding means.
There's a rod in my cock.
No.
Fucked up.
First two lines.
Yes.
I love the rod cock part.
It's a good name for someone.
Punching in Mexico City.
Did I even leave my comfort zone?
No.
These are poems.
These are more like first lines.
Two strokes.
I'm back.
Like I want her to stroke my axe.
How did I get zero?
I feel like you also like wrote them ahead of time.
All right.
She strokes my back.
And there.
That's a poem.
Baby shoes for sale never worn.
Kind of vibes.
Mm-hmm.
That's cool.
That reference.
It's apparently not cool.
No one responded.
Oh, I did.
I said mm-hmm.
Oh.
Plugs.
What do you guys got?
What do you want to point the people to?
Who?
The floor is all of yours.
Let's start with on you.
Oh, my.
What did I plug last time I was here?
I mean, listen to every head gum show that I work on.
Yeah.
I stay tuned to the head gum feed because there's going to be where I'm,
I'm personally launching a very exciting show in the next couple months.
That's awesome.
And you can listen to my radio shows on the radio on wgxc.org.
The love motel.
Follow us.
Send us.
I don't remember.
I think we might have gotten one submission from a head gum listeners last time.
Yeah.
Send me your love advice questions or regular life advice questions.
I would love to talk to you all over on the radio.
They'll love motel.
The dot love motel on Instagram.
On the radio.
Mm-hmm.
Uh-uh.
Sorry that was a long one.
I like your plug.
I didn't like your music response.
Marie, go what you got.
Uh, follow me at Marie Gailon on Twitter and Instagram.
And letter boxed.
Also the pit wall.
Spat.
Listen to that.
Um, it's a lot of fun.
We're posting episodes every week.
So tune in and also read some poetry.
Yeah.
Turn this off and read some poetry.
Plug.
At Jeffrey James on Instagram.
And listen to the pit wall.
Uh, I would also say I've never done this before.
But unfollow a mirror on a craft platform.
Is that fair to say?
So that don't get plugs.
You can follow him on Snapchat.
That's huge.
This is unbelievable.
Follow me.
You are a burn.
In tools.
Follow me.
Inkis.
Or maybe a different band.
Do you care?
Jim.
I'm here.
Are you Jen X?
Uh, I was born in 1983.
Yeah.
That was a hit dumb original.